Update restoreVM option documentation (#825)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

  :::

> - `restoreVM`: Option that enables Harvester to automatically restore non-migratable running VMs after the cluster is **successfully** upgraded. The default value is `false`. When set to `false`, in a multi-node environment, users must stop all non-migratable VMs for the upgrade to proceed, and the VMs will not be restarted after upgrade finished. When set to `true`, Harvester will automatically shut down non-migratable VMs during each node upgrade and restart the running VMs once the node upgrade is **successfully** completed. Note that non-migratable paused VMs before the node upgrade will be shut down and remain stopped after the node upgrade is finished.
> 
>   :::note
> 
>   In a single-node environment, all VMs are considered non-migratable.
> 
>   :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `restoreVM`: Option that enables Harvester to automatically restore previously running non-migratable virtual machines after the upgrade is *successfully* completed. You can specify either of the following values:

  - `true`: Harvester forcibly shuts down *running* and *paused* non-migratable virtual machines on each node. After the upgrade is completed, the previously running virtual machines are automatically restarted, while the paused virtual machines remain shut down.
  
  - `false`: This is the default value. In multi-node environments, you must stop all non-migratable virtual machines to allow the upgrade to proceed. Harvester does not restart these virtual machines after the upgrade is completed.

  :::note

  All virtual machines are considered non-migratable in single-node environments. Harvester forcibly shuts down all virtual machines before starting the upgrade process.

  :::
```

Author: Thanks for the comment!
